Updated button tutorial to use the button component (#275)
playcanvas/developer.playcanvas.com: content/en/tutorials/ui-elements-buttons.md

We can change how the button looks when the user interacts with the button for the following states:

- **Hover** - When the mouse cursor is over the button.
- **Pressed** - When the user presses on the button.
- **Inactive** - When the button is inactive.

This can be done via two Transition Modes:

#### Tinting the color

Tinting the button color in each state is the easiest method to add some user feedback when they interact with it. In the project, the High Quality button has the following setup:

<img src="/images/tutorials/ui/buttons/high-quality-button-setup.png" width="300px">

With the following effect:
<img src="/images/tutorials/ui/buttons/high-quality-button-effect.gif">

#### Changing the Sprite

We can also change the sprite image of the button in the different states for cases where you may want the button to change shape or want to give a look of the button being 'pressed' into the screen. The Low Quality button has the following setup:

<img src="/images/tutorials/ui/buttons/low-quality-button-setup.png" width="300px">

With the following effect:
<img src="/images/tutorials/ui/buttons/low-quality-button-effect.gif">

### Button events

> We have a script in the project listens for when the user clicks on the button and updates the text in the UI to the quality setting that they've selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a script in the project that listens for when the user clicks on the button and updates the text in the UI to the quality setting that they've selected.
```

```javascript
var ButtonLogic = pc.createScript('buttonLogic');
ButtonLogic.attributes.add('textEntity', {
    type: 'entity',
    description: 'The entity that we want to update when the button is clicked'
});
ButtonLogic.attributes.add('description', {type: 'string'});

// initialize code called once per entity
ButtonLogic.prototype.initialize = function() {
    this.entity.button.on('click', function(event) {
        this.textEntity.element.text = this.description;
    }, this);
};
```
This script is attached to the button entities in the scene.

> The Button component has a [`click` event][click-event-api] that can have a callback function registered to and works for both mouse and touch input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Button component has a [`click` event][click-event-api] against which a callback function can be registered that works for both mouse and touch input.
```

```
this.entity.button.on('click', function(event) {
    this.textEntity.element.text = this.description;
}, this);
```

> There are other events that can be listened such as `mouseenter` and `mouseleave`. A full list can be found in the [API documentation][click-event-api].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are other events that can be listened to such as `mouseenter` and `mouseleave`. A full list can be found in the [API documentation][click-event-api].
```
